description = Members of the maintainers organization

group != github.com/maintainers/org/admin
username != jungaretti # user breaking deployments
username != skymob # user breaking deployments
username != claytono # user breaking deployments

# All employees have default access
group = endpoints/everybody

username = 1024jp
username = 1ace
username = 45kb
username = 50Wliu
username = 88250
username = a-robinson
username = aabadie
username = aaronjorbin
username = ab
username = abadams
username = abadger
username = acdlite
username = aciidb0mb3r
username = adamdbradley
username = adamsitnik
username = addaleax
username = adg
username = AdiChat
username = adiroiban
username = adnamalin
username = afeld
username = ahmadawais
username = ai
username = Akasurde
username = akien-mga
username = AkihiroSuda
username = Akryum
username = akyoto
username = alalek
username = alcaeus
username = alcohol
username = alejandronanez
username = alepauly
username = alex
username = alexcrichton
username = AlexDBlack
username = alexdima
username = alexellis
username = alexey-milovidov
username = alexiamaddox
username = alexr00
username = aliceinwire
username = AliSoftware
username = allencloud
username = alyssais
username = amatsuda
username = amirmc
username = amjith
username = amol-
username = amueller
username = andrestc
username = andrewda
username = andrewrk
username = andris9
username = andybons
username = andymckay
username = angela-crist
username = anleac
username = Anniepoo
username = anshumanv
username = antn
username = appleboy
username = ar2rsawseen
username = ararslan
username = arcanis
username = ariya
username = ArlonAntonius
username = arolson
username = arthurnn
username = arthurschreiber
username = arunoda
username = ashfurrow
username = ashleygwilliams
username = ashtom
username = astaxie
username = astorije
username = asvetlov
username = ashygee
username = atian25
username = Atinux
username = avsm
username = aweary
username = axic
username = azenMatt
username = b3none
username = baaseby
username = badboy
username = bagder
username = bajtos
username = balloob
username = BaseMax
username = basepi
username = bbatsov
username = bbondy
username = bcoca
username = bcoe
username = bdougie
username = bebraw
username = beeender
username = benbalter
username = BenEddy
username = benemdon
username = benjie
username = bensu
username = beorn7
username = bergquist
username = berkerpeksag
username = bethesque
username = bevacqua
username = bgilbert
username = bgrant0607
username = bhaveshAn
username = bhollis
username = bhousel
username = bitprophet
username = bkintanar
username = blakeembrey
username = bnb
username = bobdenotter
username = bobzhang
username = bogdanvlviv
username = bojanz
username = boneskull
username = bonzini
username = boonebgorges
username = boopathi
username = borkdude
username = bpasero
username = bradfitz
username = bradrydzewski
username = bradwilson
username = brainwane
username = brandyscarney
username = brasic
username = brauner
username = brian-brazil
username = brianamarie
username = brianlovin
username = brianteeman
username = brntbeer
username = broady
username = broccolini
username = brrygrdn
username = brson
username = bryanmacfarlane
username = bryevdv
username = bryphe
username = bschwab
username = bsclifton
username = bvaughn
username = bxcodec
username = caarlos0
username = cachedout
username = calebamiles
username = calebporzio
username = camillevilla
username = captainsafia
username = carlosantoniodasilva
username = carols10cents
username = Carreau
username = casperdcl
username = castrojo
username = catsby
username = cblecker
username = cbrunsdon
username = ccordoba12
username = ceejbot
username = ceresstation
username = cezaraugusto
username = cgundogan
username = chasenlehara
username = chastell
username = Cheesebaron
username = cheeseplus
username = cheshire137
username = chesterbr
username = cheton
username = chicoxyzzy
username = chinesedfan
username = chrisbloom7
username = chrispat
username = chrisroberts
username = ChristopherBiscardi
username = cici-chen
username = clairernovotny
username = clauderic
username = claui
username = cloudson
username = clydin
username = coderanger
username = coderberry
username = CoderMaggie
username = colby-swandale
username = connor4312
username = ConnorDoyle
username = corywilkerson
username = cpojer
username = cpuguy83
username = craigerrington
username = crisbeto
username = crosbymichael
username = ctiller
username = cyphar
username = d3viant0ne
username = dadgar
username = daminisatya
username = danayel
username = Daniel15
username = danielbachhuber
username = danvet
username = darrowby385
username = dasilvacontin
username = datapythonista
username = daveaglick
username = davecheney
username = deitch
username = deivid-rodriguez
username = deltakosh
username = denar90
username = dend
username = DenisCarriere
username = dennybritz
username = denysdovhan
username = derekprior
username = develar
username = deviantony
username = devlead
username = devversion
username = Dexus
username = di
username = diegohaz
username = dinatale2
username = djaiss
username = dlemstra
username = dlukeomalley
username = dmitshur
username = dmoagx
username = Dollydiep
username = dominikh
username = donnapep
username = dsheets
username = dstufft
username = dwijnand
username = dynamitechetan
username = eamodio
username = edokoa
username = edunham
username = egamma
username = EisenbergEffect
username = elireisman
username = elisealix22
username = elmindreda
username = emilevauge
username = emilyistoofunky
username = endocrimes
username = enkore
username = enriikke
username = ericholscher
username = erikjohnston
username = ErisDS
username = euank
username = evantahler
username = evverx
username = ewindisch
username = existentialism
username = fabaff
username = fabianperez
username = FagnerMartinsBrack
username = feiskyer
username = fejta
username = fernandez
username = feross
username = ferventcoder
username = fhinkel
username = filipesilva
username = filipw
username = Fivell
username = fletch3555
username = flovilmart
username = foosel
username = francisfuzz
username = franniez
username = freak4pc
username = freakboy3742
username = Fred-Barclay
username = frewsxcv
username = fxn
username = gaborbernat
username = gaearon
username = GantMan
username = garman
username = GwendolenLynch
username = gcoonrod
username = gdequeiroz
username = gdpelican
username = gep13
username = ghaiklor
username = ghuntley
username = gigabo
username = gkalpak
username = glasnt
username = glyph
username = gmlewis
username = GnorTech
username = gnprice
username = goanpeca
username = gpadak
username = gr2m
contractors = gr2m
username = greybax
username = greysteil
username = grubernaut
username = GSadee
username = gschueler
username = guilleiguaran
username = gundalow
username = guybedford
username = gyandeeps
username = gyliu513
username = hackebrot
username = hackygolucky
username = hakimel
username = harshit98
username = haukepetersen
username = HauwaOtori
username = haydenjameslee
username = helen
username = helfer
username = hennevogel
username = hillelcoren
username = hiroppy
username = housseindjirdeh
username = Hoverbear
username = hramos
username = hzoo
username = iarna
username = icco
username = icecrime
username = iddan
username = idvoretskyi
username = iennae
username = ievans
username = IgorMinar
username = iHiD
username = ilovezfs
username = indexzero
username = indirect
username = iolsen
username = itsbagpack
username = IvanSanchez
username = IvanGoncharov
username = izuzak
username = j-bennet
username = JacksonKearl
username = jackycute
username = jacobian
username = jamiebuilds
username = jamonholmgren
username = janl
username = jaraco
username = jaredpar
username = jasonLaster
username = jasontedor
username = javitonino
username = jayphelps
username = jayvdb
username = jbeda
username = jbednar
username = jch
username = jctanner
username = jdalton
username = jdorfman
username = jdpace
username = JedWatson
username = jefferai
username = jeffmcaffer
username = jelbourn
username = jenniechow
username = jeremy
username = jeremyepling
username = jeremystretch
username = jessfraz
username = JessRudder
username = jettify
username = jfirebaugh
username = jglovier
username = jhnns
username = jimmidyson
username = jimmyokami
username = jisaacks
username = jjcaine
username = jlipps
username = jlongster
username = JnBrymn
username = jnothman
username = jnstuart
username = joaomoreno
username = JoelMarcey
username = joewalsh
username = johnleider
username = JohnONolan
username = jonathanslenders
username = jonbullock
username = jonrohan
username = jordanlewis
username = josephperrott
username = joshaber
username = joshbruce
username = joshmoore
username = joshsimmons
username = joshuaulrich
username = jpsim
username = jreback
username = jrfnl
username = jsteemann
username = jtigger
username = julianduque
username = julienledem
username = justincormack
username = jviotti
username = jwflory
username = k15a
username = k82cn
username = kaicataldo
username = kamipo
username = karelz
username = karmatosed
username = karthik
username = kaspar030
username = kaspth
username = katestud
username = kattrali
username = kazupon
username = kdaigle
username = keithamus
username = kelset
username = kemitchell
username = kentcdodds
username = kenwheeler
username = keradus
username = kevinburke
username = KevinMulhern
username = kieferrm
username = killercup
username = Kirzi
username = kitten
username = klaussinani
username = koddsson
username = KodrAus
username = kof
username = KrauseFx
username = kris-nova
username = KronicDeth
username = krzkaczor
username = Krzysztof-Cieslak
username = krzysztofzablocki
username = ktfeucht
username = KyleAMathews
username = kyleshay
username = laf
username = lahmatiy
username = lamby
username = lamont-granquist
username = larsxschneider
username = latentflip
username = lchrusciel
username = LeaVerou
username = lecoursen
username = leereilly
username = lerebear
username = lesleyanneb
username = lex111
username = lgarron
username = lheagy
username = lildude
username = LizzHale
username = ljharb
username = lk-geimfari
username = lmccart
username = loganfsmyth
username = look
username = louh
username = lucasbento
username = luceos
username = Lukasa
username = lukastaegert
username = m
username = M-Zuber
username = machikoyasuda
username = maclover7
username = mahmoud
username = majormoses
username = makoscafee
username = malept
username = mamuso
username = Manishearth
username = MarcBruins
username = marcosmoura
username = marcphilipp
username = Mariatta
username = marijnh
username = mariorod
username = markt-asf
username = MarshallOfSound
username = martijn00
username = martinklepsch
username = masatake
username = matchai
username = matklad
username = matozoid
username = matthewd
username = matthewmccullough
username = mattklein123
username = max
username = maxamillion
username = maxme
username = maya
username = mbabker
username = mbbroberg
username = mbhartley
username = McInkay
username = mclark
username = mcollina
username = mefellows
username = melay96
username = mfussenegger
username = mgechev
username = mhagger
username = mhartington
username = mhinz
username = mholt
username = Mic92
username = michelleN
username = mijuhan
username = mike421453
username = mikeal
username = mikejolley
username = mikekavouras
username = mikeller
username = MikeRalphson
username = minrk
username = miri64
username = miskander
username = mislav
username = misolori
username = mistercrunch
username = mitsuhiko
username = mjackson
username = mjbvz
username = mjibson
username = mkrizek
username = mmarchini
username = mmoayyed
username = mmozuras
username = mockra
username = mojavelinux
username = mourner
username = mperham
username = mrbobbytables
username = mrdoob
username = mreiferson
username = mrueg
username = mtodd
username = mvdan
username = mweststrate
username = mwhooker
username = mwiesen
username = mxcl
username = mxgmn
username = MylesBorins
username = nacin
username = naderman
username = nasirhjafri
username = natea
username = NathanW2
username = nayafia
username = naytri
username = ncoden
username = ncoghlan
username = ndelangen
username = nebrius
username = nerdneha
username = nellshamrell
username = nex3
username = nholden
username = nickh
username = nicolaiarocci
username = niik
username = nijel
username = nikhita
username = nixpad
username = njsmith
username = nlohmann
username = nmilcoff
username = nolanlawson
username = not-testing-zz
username = notwaldorf
username = novemberborn
username = nzakas
username = ocombe
username = ocornut
username = octref
username = ohjoycelau
username = okonet
username = olasitarska
username = OlegHahm
username = olevett
username = olivierlacan
username = orangejulius
username = owocki
username = ozasadnyy
username = pamil
username = papandreou
username = parente
username = parispittman
username = parkerl
username = ParthS007
username = PatrickJS
username = paulelliott
username = paulfalgout
username = paulmelnikow
username = paulmillr
username = paultag
username = pboling
username = pbugnion
username = pento
username = peppy
username = PeterDaveHello
username = pganssle
username = phanan
username = phated
username = philips
username = philipwalton
username = pietroalbini
username = pifafu
username = piotrmurach
username = pjedrzejewski
username = pmuens
username = posva
username = potatoqualitee
username = pradeepgangwar
username = pradyunsg
username = progrium
username = ptahdunbar
username = punker76
username = pvdlg
username = pwittrock
username = pydanny
username = RaananW
username = rachmari
username = radar
username = radeksimko
username = rafaelfranca
username = rahatarmanahmed
username = rainersigwald
username = rakyll
username = rallytime
username = raphael
username = rathjenc
username = raver119
username = rcpeters
username = rebornix
username = reduz
username = reitermarkus
username = remy
username = renz45
username = resouer
username = rgbkrk
username = rgommers
username = rhysd
username = Rich-Harris
username = RichardLitt
username = rishig
username = rn
username = robertnishihara
username = roblourens
username = rogerwang
username = RomanHotsiy
username = rosa
username = Roshanjossey
username = RReverser
username = rsese
username = rstoenescu
username = rtsao
username = rtyler
username = runcom
username = rurban
username = RWOverdijk
username = RyanCavanaugh
username = rylev
username = S2606
username = sallar
username = sana-ajani
username = sanderstad
username = sanicki
username = sapegin
username = saurabhjn76
username = sbatten
username = sbesson
username = schlessera
username = schneems
username = SD10
username = sdras
username = sebavan
username = seejohnrun
username = segiddins
username = seiyria
username = Seldaek
username = sethvargo
username = sferik
username = sgillies
username = sgrif
username = shadowhand
username = shadyysf
username = sharwell
username = shawnajean
username = shayfrendt
username = shazow
username = shentao
username = shiftkey
username = shockey
username = shoyer
username = siminapasat
username = SimonCropp
username = simskij
username = sindresorhus
username = sivel
username = skalnik
username = skywinder
username = smashwilson
username = snipe
username = sobolevn
username = sokra
username = sole
username = sophiebits
username = sophieH29
username = sophshep
username = sorbits
username = sormuras
username = spf13
username = spiffxp
username = SQLDBAWithABeard
username = srt32
username = st0012
username = stack72
username = staltz
username = stefanv
username = stevecat
username = steveklabnik
username = stevemao
username = stevengill
username = stevespringett
username = steveward
username = stgraber
username = strackoverflow
username = STRML
username = Stuart-Moore
username = styfle
username = sunshinejr
username = superbobry
username = SUPERCILEX
username = SvenDowideit
username = swapagarwal
username = SwartzCr
username = swissspidy
username = Synchro
username = syrusakbary
username = tacaswell
username = tamird
username = tangollama
username = tapaswenipathak
username = taquitos
username = tarcieri
username = tardyp
username = tarebyte
username = tatianamac
username = taylorotwell
username = tbrisker
username = tchaikov
username = terrajobst
username = tessr
username = tgamblin
username = thaJeztah
username = The-Compiler
username = theacodes
username = thejoebourneidentity
username = TheLarkInn
username = theofidry
username = ThePhD
username = TheSavior
username = thinkyhead
username = ThomasShaped
username = thommay
username = tianon
username = tiaraleslie
username = tiferet
username = timabbott
username = timgraham
username = timmywil
username = timneutkens
username = timofurrer
username = timoschilling
username = timothyis
username = titanous
username = tkelman
username = tma
username = tmcw
username = tnachen
username = tomchristie
username = tonybaloney
username = toomanyaaronbrowns
username = tpope
username = transitive-bullshit
username = Trott
username = tsroten
username = tstellar
username = tusharsappal
username = twinaphex
username = tyriar
contractors = tyriar
username = ubernostrum
username = unicodeveloper
username = Urigo
username = utkarsh2102
username = vaibhavsingh97
username = vaidehijoshi
username = Vanessa219
username = varjmes
username = varyonic
username = vdemeester
username = vieux
username = vigneshshanmugam
username = vinkla
username = vishh
username = vjeux
username = webchick
username = webknjaz
username = webron
username = wesm
username = wetneb
username = wilkinsona
username = willingc
username = willnorris
username = wilsonge
username = wouldgo
username = wsmelton
username = xeon-zolt
username = xPaw
username = xtuc
username = xudafeng
username = yashovardhan
username = yavorsky
username = yoshuawuyts
username = yosifkit
username = yyx990803
username = Zales0123
username = zcbenz
username = zkat
username = zorab47
username = ZoranPandovski
username = zpao

# Users who have blocked invitations from this organization, breaking deploys.
username != georgeclaghorn
username != sashabu
username != theseawitch
